Making an essay is not easy, for me. Since its finals and we need to make one, so I leave with a choice to do it not for the sake of my grades alone but to somehow enhance my skill, it’s about conquering my fears indeed. Honestly I’m not good at making like this stuff, making essay with regards to what’s event that has talked about. I actually wonder why do we have to make an essay for this finals but anyways here it goes. In this subject, I have many experience especially with sir Ralph Galao who taught us way back before that you’ve been replaced  with regards to that I expect to gain more knowledge, words of wisdom, realization to enlighten our minds, it may about the academics and about life from you. Well that is exactly what a student should expect, right? I feel bad somehow for sir Galao who will not around in BISU as a teacher. If my hunch is right, that is the good of our live, to meet new people, to learn things with new people. Everything happens for a reason and that is we bound to meet each other to exchange our opinions and learn things to each other.
Before anything else, what is Troubleshooting? Troubleshooting is the process of identifying, planning and resolving a problem, error or fault within a software or computer system. It enables the repair and restoration of a computer or software when it becomes faulty, unresponsive or acts in an abnormal way. In the other hand, Techopedia explains that Troubleshooting is primarily done to keep a system or software in desired condition, specifically when it encounters or exhibits a problem. It is a systematic approach done within one or more phases depending on the complexity of the problem. Typically, the first step involves identifying what the problem is followed by coming up with a solution to counteract the problem and then implementing that solution. However, there can be more than one reason for the problem, which will need a more complex solution. An individual troubleshooting such a problem might test for different solutions to end the problem or fault.
            In this subject I feel more interesting and exciting especially in reporting time. Each partner have their own topic and have given a task to present a wonderful & creative presentation. Not just like that, when we talk presentation, the presenter should deliver it clearly and to get attention of the audience which is our classmates, we should make connection with them since they are the one who will give us a grade according on how we present or report our topic of course. Because of this activity, my fear of facing people have been lift. And also I develop and enhance my skills in creating a wonderful presentation in order that the audience will not easily get bored and that is to build rapport. For that matter you would be in audience foot and try to ask yourself in what way you caught presenter’s attention and have your own ways of doing it. In other hand, we know how to troubleshoot little problem, to support and to keep up functional our computer. In order our computer will be long-lasting.
            There a saying that a teacher is only as good as what they know. If a teacher lacks knowledge in a subject, that dearth of understanding is pass along to the students. And keep in mind that although formal education is one way a teacher might gain the knowledge they need to teach well, there are other ways. It may happen in our life, it is not the hindrance to learn new things with the help of books, link in the internet and exchanging thoughts about it but of course the challenging part is descrying things what we need to fill our mind with that knowledge. It’s an exchanging process where the teacher can learn new things from the students as well. I don’t see it bad though, well the school is a four corner of knowledge and by means of being in a place of a teacher for an instant is we are at the junction of knowing things more from the student because I believe in every day we must to learn new things. What I feel more oblivious with regards to that is when descry things with the instructor you reach the same goal with the instructor as well.
What I’ve experienced with regards to your teaching? There are many to mention but let me tell you some in details that I exactly mark it in my mind. First, you are silent but to tell you frankly I find you weird somehow but not that bad though. Second, I'm amazed when you know how to talk more languages like the following; English, Mandarin, Chinese, and etc., for I forgot the others, but of course the BAYBAYIN- the Filipino language for you are a follower of Dr. Jose Rizal by agreeing the same thought of him and that is “mahalin ang sariling atin” or loving our own language, culture and anything. With regards to the Baybayin language, I don’t actually get it why you used it during our class and I find it difficult somehow and maybe that’s the challenge you want us to get through with learnings right after. Third, you are approachable enough due to our problem with regards to this subject and what makes me flabbergasted more is when you even helps us out also in our other subject. Teacher, professor, instructor, trainer or call it whatever name it is, all of them teach us but with regards to their subjects they handle alone, most of the time but you are beyond than that. You have this attitude I cannot explain it precisely that I feel blessed of, for I am one of those people you treated that attitude. You never forget of telling us your words of wisdom.
 
Thank you sir ….

